Hi Ìfèchúkwú! 

I listened to your "mid-season reflections"  and I love that I can connect with you via this inbox. I am not sure if I would have had the courage to post all of what I am about to say as a comment in YouTube. Thank you for this alternative.

I am contacting you as a fellow traveller from ACA and I have not had any contact with you for a year. When I started my ACA journey there were no online groups in my native Estonian language so I found an English speaking group for women hosted by JJ in Vienna and thats where we met. Soon after an Estonian speaking online group was formed and I have been part of it and being of service in keeping it open to other Estonian speaking adult children.

I wanted to share an experience from today that reminded me of you and made me look you up again. This morning I woke up and read the Estonian daily reflection translation (I am part of the small 2-person editing team) in our Estonian ACA discord server and "resentment" had been changed to a word that didn't feel right for my body and I realized that although I am practicing letting go of my perfection and it is the right course of action for me when it comes to word order changes and some terms, this time it is important and meaningful to express my opinion.

So what I did was write a polite friendly message to the fellow traveller we are doing the work together with. Straight after that I noticed that I was activated, I felt fearful and a part of me was expecting an attack. And I realized that I was able to notice being triggered and then to actually have space to reparent myself in the moment.

Stating that I disagree with something or that I have a different opinion feels tricky and unsafe and scary for my body and nervous system. The reply from her was what more to the likes of what my adult self believed it would be, a simple "I agree. Resentment is a complicated word. What does it mean for you?".

I then shared with the fellow traveller how I noticed myself getting activated after sending my feedback and was expecting an attack in response and that it is interesting how I can now notice this kind of reactions and have words for describing it to myself and others. And that I also have words for myself to remind myself that this is a healing community and I am an adult. I also told her that I am using this exchange with her to teach my own nervous system that it is safe to express my opinion and I won't be attacked.

Anyways, I was then reflecting on how I have come such a long way on my ACA journey and that's when I remembered you and your shares and vulnerability and self-awareness regarding your internal reactions and processes from a year ago in ACA online meetings with JJ and all the wonderful and supportive women. I had just started my ACA journey at the time and if I remember correctly you had been in the program for a year. I remembered thinking "wow, that person has such great awareness and understanding and kindness to herself and others." I was awed and inspired and thinking that I want that too.

I was thinking of asking you to be my sponsor or fellow traveller but couldn't muster the courage to do so. Anyways, I wanted to say that I am really thankful for our paths crossing and now that I am a year in I am actually getting to a similar place of clarity and self-awareness and vulnerability and expressing my experience and feelings to others. I think you are a beautiful human being inside and out.

Also, after listening to the episode I still feel like I want to learn from you and everything you say about taking care of oneself and trusting oneself and moving from fear to abundance and well, EVERYTHING, speaks to the core of me.

Here is the scary part, would you be open to sponsoring me?

What I'm hoping for in a sponsorship is for this to be a collaborative and mutual safe relationship. Deep processing of inner experiences that I feel you are capable of "getting" and making space for. Working on being honest and authentic and also looking into generational trauma. Your ancestors have carried the weight of racism, my ancestors have occupation, deportations, world wars.

Anyways, no matter your response, the main goal of this email is to let you know that you have had an impact on me and I am deeply grateful for it.

Best wishes, take care, lots of love and for you to expect the best and get it,
Anne from Estonia
Learning to accept and love my nerodivergence (got ADHD diagnosis 3 months ago and can totally recognize I have HSP traits)

